Compact interactive list implementation guide added (#1950)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/compact-interactive-list/About.1.doc.mdx

* [Examples](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#examples)
* [Accessibility](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#accessibility)
* [Implementation](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#implementation)
* [Properties](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#properties)
* [Terra Standards](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#terra-standards)

## Overview

The `terra-compact-interactive-list` component  provides users a way to render a collection of interactive data in a list format into a single tab stop. The list can be arranged in columns to fit wide space, and the user can navigate between them with the arrow keys.

<FixedWidthColumns />

### Features
Supports:
* Arranging items in columns.
* Fixed and responsive width columns.
* `px`, `em`, and `rem` width units.
* Vertical and horizontal flow.
* Minimum and maximum column width for responsive columns set for all columns, or to each column individually.
* Selectable cells.
* Interactable elements in cells (one per cell).

> Refer to the [examples](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#examples) section for detailed demonstration of the features supported by the Search Field.

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

## Design Decisions

The Compact Interactive List:
  * Supports only one tab stop. When tabbing into the Compact Interactive List, focus will either go to the last visited cell, or the first cell upon initial entry.
  While on the Compact Interactive List, `Tab` or `Shift+Tab` will exit the list.
  * Does not maintain consumer data state. The state must be maintained by the consumer.
  * Uses callbacks to communicate the actions taken by the user.
  The callbacks are provided by the consumer and therefore the implementation is consumer specific.
  It is up to the consumer to determine if and what actions should be taken.
  For example, the user may click on a selectable cell in the Compact Interactive List which calls the _onCellSelect_ callback.

>   For business reasons, the consumer may decide not to honor that cell selection and instead does nothing resulting in the the cell not getting selected in the Worklist Data Grid.

Reviewer: Can we reword this slightly for clarity? Also, should this say `Compact Interactive List`?

```suggestion
  For business reasons, the consumer may decide not to honor that cell selection and instead do nothing, resulting in the the cell not getting selected in the Compact Interactive List.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

>   * Supports single interactive element per cell.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
  * Supports a single interactive element per cell.
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

|[ResponsiveColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/examples/responsive-columns)|An example of the Compact Interactive List with responsive text columns.|
|[ScalableUnits](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/examples/scalable-units)|An example of the Compact Interactive List with width props set in units relative to the font size.|
|[FlowDirection](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/examples/flow-direction)|The examples of the Compact Interactive List with vertical and horizontal flow directions.|
|[NumberOfColumns](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/examples/number-of-columns)|An example of the Compact Interactive List placed inside of a parent element that uses width breakpoints to dynamically change the number of columns.|
|[CellContent](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/examples/cell-content)|Compact Interactive List cell content examples.|

## Accessibility
### Keyboard Interactions

> List of keyboard interactions supported by Compact Interactive List.

Reviewer: Nit: wondering if a colon is more appropriate here:

```suggestion
List of keyboard interactions supported by Compact Interactive List:
```

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

|Down Arrow     | Moves focus one cell down. If focus is on the bottom cell of the visual column, it will move to the first cell of the next visual column. If focus is on the bottom cell of the last visual column, focus does not move.|
|Right Arrow    | Moves focus one cell to the right. If focus is on the right-most cell in the visual row, focus does not move.|
|Left Arrow     | Moves focus one cell to the left. If focus is on the left-most cell in the visual row, focus does not move.|
|Home           | Moves focus to the first cell in the visual row that contains focus.|
|End            | Moves focus to the last cell in the visual row that contains focus.|
|Control + Home (Windows) <br/> or <br/> Ctrl + Command + Left Arrow (Mac) | Moves focus to the first cell in the first visual row.|
|Control + End (Windows) <br/> or <br/> Ctrl + Command + Right Arrow (Mac) | Moves focus to the last cell in the last visual row.|
|Tab            | Moves focus out of the list to the next focusable element in the tab sequence.|

> |Shift + Tab    | Moves focus out of the grid to the previous focusable element in the tab sequence.|

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

|Space| Selects the focused cell. Cell cannot be selected if it contains focusable elements in it.|
|Escape| Removes the cell selection.|

### Assistive Technology Support
#### WAI ARIA Roles and States
* [aria-label](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label)
  * **Compact Interactive List**: When the [_ariaLabel_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) prop is specified, the screen reader will use the _aria-label_ as the [accessible name](https://w3c.github.io/accname/#dfn-accessible-name) for the list.
* [aria-labelledby](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby)
  * **Compact Interactive List**: When the [_ariaLabelledBy_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) prop is specified, the screen reader will use the _aria-labelledby_ element to determine the [accessible name](https://w3c.github.io/accname/#dfn-accessible-name) for the list.
* [rowheader](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/rowheader_role)

>   * **Compact Interactive List**: When the [_rowHeaderIndex_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table) is provided, the screen reader will use the corresponding cell as the header cell for a row, establishing a relationship between it and the other cells in the same row.

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

* [columnheader](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/columnheader_role)

>   * **Column**: When the [_displayedName_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column) is specified, the screen reader will use it to define as the header information for the semantic column.

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |
| react-intl | ^2.8.0 |

### Usage

```jsx
import CompactInteractiveList from 'terra-compact-interactive-list';
```

## Properties

<Notice variant="important" ariaLevel="3">

The supported units for width props are `px`, `em`, and `rem`. 
The width units should be consistent across all the props in the same component. That includes:
[_columnMinimumWidth_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table), 
[_columnMaximumWidth_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#compact-interactive-list-props-table), 
[_width_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column), 
[_minimumWidth_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column), and 
[_maximumWidth_](/components/cerner-terra-framework-docs/compact-interactive-list/about#column).

> The width units inconsistent with the rest of the component props will be disregarded.

Reviewer: Is there an order of priority for which units will be used if there are inconsistencies?

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

</Notice>

### Compact Interactive List Props Table
<CompactInteractiveListPropsTable />

### Column

> A column specifies the data to render a cell in the header row of the Worklist Data Grid.

Author: Great suggestion, and much appreciated, but it looks like all wording and styling comment were outdated per this commit by @cldeitrich: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/62c72c0098e6edb05ec923b22cf997650ac247bf

|Name|Type|Is Required|Default Value|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |**id**|string|<span style={{color:'#d53040'}}>required</span>|none|An identifier to uniquely identify the column within the grid.|

Author: Great catch! Fixed: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1950/commits/7f4e33181e5c3a0660da70b7f7718f7ecb3ff576
